
CRATE                 CONTENT                 CRATES.IO        INTERNAL
align_tools           alignment tools         no               yes
amino                 amino acid stuff        no               yes
ansi_escape           ansi escape seqs        no               yes
binary_vec_io         binary vec i/o          no               yes
equiv                 equiv relation          no               yes
graph_simple          generic digraph funs    no               yes
hyper                 HyperBasevector struct  no               yes
io_utils              file utilities          yes              yes
kmer_lookup           kmer lookup             no               yes
load_feature_bc       load 10x gex matrix     no               yes
marsoc                10x internal utils      no               yes
mirror_sparse_matrix  sparse matrix           no               yes
perf_stats            performance utils       no               yes
pretty_trace          stack trace tools       yes              no
stats_utils           statistics              yes              yes
string_utils          string utilities        yes              yes
stirling_numbers      stirling numbers        yes              no
tables                table print printing    no               yes
vdj_ann               vdj annotation          no               yes
vec_utils             vector utilities        yes              yes

Crates labeled INTERNAL are publicly accessible but we discourage relying on their internals 
because they may get changed a lot.
